hello dear friends yourself veter
Santoro and today I want to show you and
talk about how to switch
graphics card for more productive and
you probably beam was such a situation
like me that is and you bought a laptop and
decided to launch someone powerful there
a game that requires good good
iron so to speak well you bought
launched them you have a game and on very
bad settings you think like this
maybe I have a powerful video card all
very simple i had this situation
we go to the construction site drank tea on the chart and
or properties of graphics no matter if y
you are not in this two conclusion of this
if you don't have something you need to find
video card, that is , I, too, first
there were no such
rescued in the form of a more accurate graphics deadlines
tame and graphics for this was not and
I updated the video card on the official
manufacturer's website
I have ati radeon and I have appeared here
these two features are properties of graphics
as far as linen tea and graphics
that I am allowed to cause a card and with
comfort play such as battlefield
assassin headlights edge and other good games
which require powerful graphics cards
go in with setting before tea and
graphics as you can see we had
is a window md catalyst control center
for example you see extender here
energy saving if you want
some powerful game that is to
found at the highest settings
click add application worker
table and for example choose battlefield 3
click open and we have appeared
inside advises and setting up graphics
click here and high
performance and on to image
I do not recommend this
for the game is to go big logs
we put high performance then
there is a game flew out at the maximum
settings that is in the form of a map will be
shrink the temple on the game to add to
better graphics game i hope you
helped in this if you repeat you
There are no these two functions just update
video card on their official website
video your video card yes you all
get all the pack with you Victor
sensor and I hope I helped you with
solution of this problem to all
good luck